README.md, before:

## BridgeBuilders
Linking professionals with insight and opportunities to work in Christian minority areas.

Welcome!  

If you came here from the [Indigitous #BridgeBuilders Challenge](https://indigitous.org/hack/challenges/bridgebuilders/) then you have made it to the right place.  This is the working directory for the #bridgebuilders project associated with the global #Hack.  

We are trying to equip the global church to live in spots where their living testimony can shine the brightest.  For this project these spots are places that the Joshua Project calls [unreached](https://joshuaproject.net/global_list/progress). This can be broken into a few possible side projects.  Each of the sections below could be attacked by a team independent oof the others.  If you chose one based on jobs in unreached areas you could simply manually choose and unreached area that you are interested in and then work on the job resources for thatregion.  Then the pieces could be fit together after the hackathon.

Godspeed!  - Joel Travis

####Identify unreached areas
1.  The first need of this project is to provide the user a sortable list of locations that are unreached.  We could then append this list with other filters such as urban / rural.  
    + To find unreached countries and people groups there is a [Joshua Project API](https://joshuaproject.net/api/v2/documentation) as well as the currently uploaded CSV files from their [resource page](https://joshuaproject.net/resources/datasets).
    + Further in city names can be found at [http://download.geonames.org/export/dump/](http://download.geonames.org/export/dump/) and are included in data-raw/cities.
    

#### Find jobs market in that area
1. Urban or well defined job markets
    + These areas range from large urban centers to the most rural areas in the world.  Some of these places have a steady supply of jobs available through the internet.  In these areas we can simply find job listings applicable to that area and provide them as a resource.  
    + One API that has world coverage is [careerjet.ae](http://www.careerjet.ae/).
    + This [API](http://www.careerjet.ae/partners/api/) is supported by Java, Perl, PHP, Python and Ruby.
2. Rural or poorly defined job markets
    + In areas where there are no job listings we can look for the trends of business in that areas and simply educate interested people on what industries they likely could find work if they dug deeper or launched and entrepeneurial endeavor.  
    + The [worldbank enterprise survey](http://microdata.worldbank.org/index.php/catalog/enterprise_surveys/about) could be valuable for this but it does not seem to be tabular.  A non-programer could use this to generate a summary of a rural area that is unreached as a case-study.  
    + [Economy Watch](http://www.economywatch.com/economic-statistics/) Does serve up a more tabulated data set but it is still on a website and not able to be downlaoded.
3. Unstable job markets / countries
    + There is also a third category which in 2016 could be represented by Northern Iraq or Syria.  These spots are arguably in the most need for people to go but don't have "stable jobs".  A resource such as [Idealist.org](http://www.idealist.org/search/v2/?qs=QlpoOTFBWSZTWY84T0oAAHEfgAMAcAIBIAAAvvf_4DAAptCUKYp-lPSepiNHpqeo0EpJ6ag0GQADQJST1NqZAGgAaL1I7y0rC1Em46oqzKR2NpNJRuC_MBlT5gylK4qOINOyYewydBDl4R0fc-qVhUQ701Mj82phFMhB5BCSNgVcMKncHyNAe5UcLQTrSYOcMRzkLvAwhaNEm8QWQ1T8RppQ4T4je8ZVdTU5Ni5jcWSsWxw_F3JFOFCQjzhPSg==) shows 8 jobs in Iraq currently.  This world region could also focus on existing organizations that are already there.  Further, [this resource covers conflict areas](https://www.insightonconflict.org/conflicts/).   [One more job board focused on English speakers](http://www.transitionsabroad.com/listings/work/careers/index.shtml)For people that have a missional mindset and a skillset in aid relief this is likely where they will be drawn to.

Commit message:

Adding Economic Data
Adding Economic Data

README.md, after:

## BridgeBuilders
Linking professionals with insight and opportunities to work in Christian minority areas.

Welcome!  

If you came here from the [Indigitous #BridgeBuilders Challenge](https://indigitous.org/hack/challenges/bridgebuilders/) then you have made it to the right place.  This is the working directory for the #bridgebuilders project associated with the global #Hack.  

We are trying to equip the global church to live in spots where their living testimony can shine the brightest.  For this project these spots are places that the Joshua Project calls [unreached](https://joshuaproject.net/global_list/progress). This can be broken into a few possible side projects.  Each of the sections below could be attacked by a team independent oof the others.  If you chose one based on jobs in unreached areas you could simply manually choose and unreached area that you are interested in and then work on the job resources for thatregion.  Then the pieces could be fit together after the hackathon.

Godspeed!  - Joel Travis

####Identify unreached areas
1.  The first need of this project is to provide the user a sortable list of locations that are unreached.  We could then append this list with other filters such as urban / rural.  
    + To find unreached countries and people groups there is a [Joshua Project API](https://joshuaproject.net/api/v2/documentation) as well as the currently uploaded CSV files from their [resource page](https://joshuaproject.net/resources/datasets).
    + Further in city names can be found at [http://download.geonames.org/export/dump/](http://download.geonames.org/export/dump/) and are included in data-raw/cities.
    

#### Find jobs market in that area
1. Urban or well defined job markets
    + These areas range from large urban centers to the most rural areas in the world.  Some of these places have a steady supply of jobs available through the internet.  In these areas we can simply find job listings applicable to that area and provide them as a resource.  
    + One API that has world coverage is [careerjet.ae](http://www.careerjet.ae/).
    + This [API](http://www.careerjet.ae/partners/api/) is supported by Java, Perl, PHP, Python and Ruby.
2. Rural or poorly defined job markets
    + In areas where there are no job listings we can look for the trends of business in that areas and simply educate interested people on what industries they likely could find work if they dug deeper or launched and entrepeneurial endeavor.  
    + The [databank.worldbank.org](http://databank.worldbank.org/data/reports.aspx?source=jobs&Type=TABLE&preview=on) provides excellent tabular exports of economic data to help assess industries in each country.  Some samples are included in data-raw.
    + [Economy Watch](http://www.economywatch.com/economic-statistics/) Does serve up a more tabulated data set but it is still on a website and not able to be downlaoded.
3. Unstable job markets / countries
    + There is also a third category which in 2016 could be represented by Northern Iraq or Syria.  These spots are arguably in the most need for people to go but don't have "stable jobs".  A resource such as [Idealist.org](http://www.idealist.org/search/v2/?qs=QlpoOTFBWSZTWY84T0oAAHEfgAMAcAIBIAAAvvf_4DAAptCUKYp-lPSepiNHpqeo0EpJ6ag0GQADQJST1NqZAGgAaL1I7y0rC1Em46oqzKR2NpNJRuC_MBlT5gylK4qOINOyYewydBDl4R0fc-qVhUQ701Mj82phFMhB5BCSNgVcMKncHyNAe5UcLQTrSYOcMRzkLvAwhaNEm8QWQ1T8RppQ4T4je8ZVdTU5Ni5jcWSsWxw_F3JFOFCQjzhPSg==) shows 8 jobs in Iraq currently.  This world region could also focus on existing organizations that are already there.  Further, [this resource covers conflict areas](https://www.insightonconflict.org/conflicts/).   [One more job board focused on English speakers](http://www.transitionsabroad.com/listings/work/careers/index.shtml)For people that have a missional mindset and a skillset in aid relief this is likely where they will be drawn to. 
    
### Where is US Economic Data?
It is sitting at
